   Event.ID is a marketplace that provides event based services on websites. The purpose of our website is to provide a new opportunity for vendors to expand their markets and make it easier for consumers to find needs in the events industries. We also have a standard so we can ensure the customer always have the best experience, and vendors can advertise their business on our website. By looking at the vendor experience in event industries and the reputation of the vendor in the eyes of other vendors. For most people, to make an event is very difficult because it requires a lot of preparation. With our website you can find all aspects needed to make an amazing event. We provide the opportunity for event vendors to expand their market, because almost 70% of the customers of event vendors are other event vendors. It means the price that has been offered to consumers is the price that has been marked-up. What if you can contact the vendor that you are looking for? The price given will certainly be cheaper. Our website also has a very useful feature in creating an event called Planner. In the planner feature we will find vendors that are on our website. This feature will look for starting from venue, catering, MC, production, etc. Making it easier for you to find a vendor and get the best vendor.

   On our website homepage, vendors who pay for advertisements or favorite vendors will appear. So that it will attract the attention of users. There is a search bar to find services that consumers need. At the top left of the website there are buttons to log in and register. Users need to register to make transactions. There is a slider image at the top of the website that can be used as a news feed or as a place for promotion.

   We also have a unique feature, the planner feature. This feature aims to facilitate consumers in planning an event. The essential elements in an event are easier to find. Like Venue, Catering, Décor, MC, Entertainment, and photography. If you already have your own vendor you can click on “I don’t need it”. All selected products will be placed in a basket which will be totaled for payment. On the promotion page will display products that are having discounts.

   On the all product page we will display all the categories on the website. There will be 4 products that represent a category. To see all products in that category there will be a see more button that will take you to the respective category page. Under the news feed section there is a slider that displays all categories on our website. The aim is to make it easier for users to explore our website.



For detail result, please visit http://event-id.xyz
